[Music]
wake up this morning make the mistake of
turning on the TV nothing but bad news
empty every use rolling on the screen Oh
walk to the kitchen and make myself a
cup of coffee without the old man get
into something 10 on his balcony oh yeah
we both have been stuck in uh apartments
for two ones too long we don't even get
along but the world just fell apart
straight another blue tea so in my mind
a whisper ciao and I take myself to
Tuscany in
riding on a Vespa in sunflower field in
one wind blowing it birds are singing it
cypress tree
[Music]
in common are that show internet you
just saw that's what I thought what it
would be like to take my exams at home -
the falling on the floor apart but in
reality it is quite different and a lot
more stressful than I thought it would
be so in this video I'm going to share
with you guys how I approach my exams so
what do I do in a few hours before the
exam and then what do I do with my 24
hour exam time at Cambridge they've
decided to give us 24 hours per exam we
have to answer less questions than
usually and it's open book so you can
refer to any nodes or Google anything
whenever you want and you just have to
hand it in within 24 hours but despite
the fact that it's open book and that we
have a lot more time they are grading it
as if we would sit it in the exam hall
without our notes and under much more
time constraints so it is actually a
very very nice way to write the exam and
they did that because they always fit
back to where in a pandemic so thank you
so much Cambridge and yet here's how I
approach my online exam
[Music]
in the morning before an exam I just get
up as usually and then I make sure to
fully get dressed because I feel like
PJs just scream you know sleeping and I
want to tell my brain we're gonna work
today then I open up my laptop and I
just look up any last-minute questions
that I still have I usually wake up and
I just have this one little thing which
usually will not come up and use them
anyway
but it just bugs me so I just quickly
look it up to make sure that that isn't
the thing that's gonna make me nervous
in the end once I'm done with that I go
over my exam checklist so basically do I
have all the items that I'm gonna need
for the exam so do I have my pens do I
have my highlighters and then also just
some very basic things like do I have my
exam guide and sheet that's immediate
and it basically just contains
instructions on what to do before during
and after the exam so for example where
do you find your exam paper so that's
something to always have near you during
this exam then also do I have my laptop
and is it charged because otherwise I
will not be able to write that exam and
then of course also do I have my notes
so my revision notes I write them in
good notes and I just keep them on my
iPad and I just want to have some near
me for reference but to be honest at
that point all of that in those notes
should be in my brain anyway but yeah if
you want to double-check something it's
useful and then of course do I have my
statute book the statute book is just
basically legal texts that you're
allowed to bring into the exam normally
now it's no clue book exam so that
doesn't matter so much and then of
course my normal notes which I use for
looking up things so I just take out the
folder and then I make piles of
different notes on my bed the reason I
make these piles is because every pile
is a different topic on the syllabus so
every supervision at Cambridge basically
represents a topic on the syllabus so
it's super easy to just organize them so
I put my reading notes my supervision
knows any questions that we talked about
as well as the extra notes into these
piles and I have these different piles
because then I can just quickly go and
look something up regarding that topic
and then I also have all my written work
there if I want to see what was
criticized about structure or something
and yep that's pretty much what I do and
these are just for reference lis
and yeah then it's basically time to
wait and get that exam paper I usually
draw a little bit in that time because
there is nothing I can do at that point
in time to you know make my performance
in exam better so I just try to distract
myself a little bit and relax before the
exam I also make sure that I get a good
lunch so that you know I can think well
during the exam and that's pretty much
all you can do at that point I kind of
hate that our exams start at noon
because it's a horrendous waiting period
which is just a little bit of torture
[Music]
the exam papers here once I finally get
access to the exam paper I then just
quickly download it onto my laptop and
then I just open it up as a file and
then print it the reason I printed out
is because I prefer to write on the
paper itself for me personally that's
better for planning but everybody has a
different preference so yeah but then I
just go over two different questions I
just quickly skim them and then I take
out a pencil and I just mark any
questions that I would like to answer
and I annotate a little bit just to see
whether I actually has some good
arguments for that question and wherever
I know what the question is asking I
give myself a total of 40 minutes for
this which honestly is very very
generous I don't think I actually ever
needed those 40 minutes just for picking
questions I'm not really outlining here
I'm just making a few notes just to see
whether it is this really the right
question to pick and at the end I should
have picked free questions and yeah 40
minutes is very generous for this I
usually end up using 20 and then it is
time to write essay plans so personally
I write very very extensive essay plans
for these online exams because we have
the time so I think it's worth doing so
I have a section for my introduction I
always make sure that I have all of the
authorities that I'm referring to there
then I have all my arguments there and
what they're supported by and then of
course also my conclusion so you can see
this is a very long essay plan but you
will thank yourself later for this when
you are writing the essay itself and
while writing the essay plans I'm also
referring to these different piles of
notes just if I want to double-check
something and yes I double-check a lot
and that's why I give myself one hour
per essay
but I think it's worth doing because
it's an open book exam so you have the
chance to do that and I think that is a
great thing
so once I've written my free essay plans
so free hours later I then take a break
and I usually read a little bit in a
book personally I prefer to read at that
point because reading is something that
for me at least it makes me more awake
than watching a TV show or something so
I prefer to do that and of course lots
of snacks because it's exam season you
deserve it after a little over an hour
for break I then go back to my laptop
and then it's time to actually start
writing these essays now personally for
me writing he has a itself was actually
super super easy because my essay plans
are so extensive that I allowed you to
just need to copy and paste and then
turn it into a sentence so there is
really not much work for me left to do
so I give myself one hour per essay
absolutely enough so after the first
essay I usually go upstairs and I just
get some dinner for my family because by
that time it is usually already evening
and yep then it is time to get back to
the next essay once again just an hour
based on the essay plan since the mask'
plans are so extensive writing the
essays themselves is really not that big
of a deal for me and then after I wrote
my second out of three essays I then
usually get ready to go to bed because
I'm someone who doesn't work well in the
evening so I just preferred to go to bed
early instead the next day the next
morning items still have one essay left
to do we usually have to do free
questions so I didn't just open up my
laptop again and pull up the last essay
plan and just write that as a really
quick since the essay plan was already
written that there is really not much
work to do so it's absolutely fine if
you leave it to the next day because
well the work is pretty much already
done and once that essay is written once
again in an hour then I go and allow
myself to watch a TV show I usually give
myself a one-hour break here just to you
know let my brain wander and just not
think about that exam I'm currently
watching shameless it's a quite good TV
show in my opinion so I just give myself
an episode of that and then I go back to
my exam answer
and then I just look over them again
correct any grammatical errors and of
course anything like if something has to
be underlined or italicized things like
that so for example for me in law I
always underline all my authorities
whether it's statute or case law just to
show my examiner here I cited that and
of course I'm also checking my word
count because we're now up against the
word counts and they don't want to read
10-page essays which is a very real
possibility to give students 24 hours
for an exam so yeah I just checked that
all the formalities are correct
including the font things like that and
then I export that to a Word document I
write my essays in a Pages document
because I find pages a lot more
convenient on a Mac than word but I have
to hand it in as a Word document so I
just export it as that and then it's
ready to just be submitted so I just go
to my submission portal and then I
always double check that it's really
submitted because it's a bit weird
because when you first submitted
it's just saved as a draft so you have
to then actually submit it again
so yeah just really make sure your
online exams are actually submitted and
yep that's how I approach my online
exams thank you so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video have a nice
day bye
[Music]
you